Add rotary switches (#212)
circuitikz/circuitikz: doc/circuitikzmanual.tex

To add arrows, you can use the styles \texttt{rotary switch -} (no arrow, whatever the default), \texttt{rotary switch <-} (counterclockwise arrow), \texttt{rotary switch ->} (clockwise) and \texttt{rotary switch <->} (both).

Notice that the defaults of the styles are the same as the default values of the parameters, but that if you change globally the defaults using the keys mentioned above, you only change the defaults for the ``bare'' component \texttt{rotaryswitch}, not for the styles.

\begin{LTXexample}[varwidth=true, pos=t, basicstyle=\small\ttfamily]
\begin{circuitikz}
\ctikzset{multipoles/rotary/arrow=both}
\draw (0,0) -- ++(1,0) node[rotary switch <-=8 in 120 wiper 40, anchor=in](A){};
\draw (3,0) -- ++(1,0) node[rotary switch, anchor=in](B){}; % default values
\draw[red] (A.out 4) -| (3,0);
\draw[blue] (A-out 2.n) -- ++(0,0.5) -| (B-out 1.n);
\draw (B.out 3) -- ++(1,0) node[rotary switch -=5 in 90 wiper 15, anchor=in](C){};
\draw (C.out 3) -- ++(1,0) node[rotary switch ->, xscale=-1, anchor=out 3](D){};
\draw[green, dashed] (B.mid) -- ++(-.5,-1) -| (C.mid);
\end{circuitikz}
\end{LTXexample}

\paragraph{Rotary switch anchors}

> Rotary switches anchors are basically the same as the cute switches, included the access (with the \texttt{\textsl{<node name>}-<anchor name>} notation) to the internal connection nodes. The geographical anchors works as expected, marking the limits of the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rotary switches anchors are basically the same as the cute switches, including access (with the \texttt{\textsl{<node name>}-<anchor name>} notation) to the internal connection nodes. The geographical anchors work as expected, marking the limits of the component.
```

    center/-145/0.7}
    \path (D.ext \l) \showcoord(ext \l)<\a:\d>;
    \path (D.aout 12)  \showcoordb(aout 12)<-5:0.4>;
    \path (D.sqout 12)  \showcoordb(sqout 12)<0:0.4>;
    \draw[blue, densely dotted] (D.ext north west) rectangle (D.ext south east);
\end{circuitikz}

The code for the diagram at the left, above, without the markings for the anchors, is:
\begin{lstlisting}[basicstyle=\small\ttfamily]
\begin{circuitikz}
    \draw (8,0) node[rotary switch -=31 in 150 wiper 10](D){};
    \foreach \i in {1,...,31} \draw (D.sqout \i) -- (D.aout \i);
    \draw[blue, densely dotted] (D.ext north west) rectangle (D.ext south east);
\end{circuitikz}
\end{lstlisting}

One possible application for the angled and the ``on square'' anchors is that you can use them to move radially from the output poles, for example for adding numbers:

\begin{LTXexample}[varwidth=true, basicstyle=\small\ttfamily]
\begin{circuitikz}
\draw (0,0) node[rotary switch=13 in 120 wiper 0](S){};
\foreach \i in {1,...,13} % requires "calc"
    \path ($(S.aout \i)!1ex!(S.sqout \i)$)
        node[font=\tiny\color{red}]{\i};
\end{circuitikz}
\end{LTXexample}

> Finally, notice that the value of width for the rotary switches is taken from the one for the ``cute switches'' which in turn is taken from the width of standard spdt, so that they match (notice that the ``center'' anchor is better centered in the rotary switch, so you have to explicitly align them).

Reviewer: `spdt`?

Author: yes, the "traditional" single-pole double-throw switch.

Reviewer: Makes sense, thanks!

\begin{LTXexample}[varwidth=true, basicstyle=\small\ttfamily]
\begin{circuitikz}
    \draw (0,0) node[color=blue, rotary switch=2 in 35 wiper 30,
        anchor=in](R){};
    \draw (0,-1) node[cute spdt up, anchor=in](C){};
    \draw (0,-2) node[color=blue, rotary switch=3 in 35 wiper 30,
        anchor=in](R){};
\end{circuitikz}
\end{LTXexample}

\paragraph{Rotary switch customization}

> A part from the basic customization seen above (number of channels, etc.) you can change, as in the cute switches, the shape used by the connection points with the parameter \texttt{multipoles/rotary/shape}, and the thickness of the wiper with \texttt{multipoles/rotary/thickness}. The optional arrow has thickness equal to the standard bipole thickness \texttt{bipoles/thickness} (default 2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from the basic customization seen above (number of channels, etc.) you can change, as in the cute switches, the shape used by the connection points with the parameter \texttt{multipoles/rotary/shape}, and the thickness of the wiper with \texttt{multipoles/rotary/thickness}. The optional arrow has thickness equal to the standard bipole thickness \texttt{bipoles/thickness} (default 2).
```
